# Changelog

## [2.3.1] - 2022-09-15

### Changed

- Updated esplugin to v4.0.0.

## [2.3.0] - 2022-02-26

### Added

- Support for a `readable(path)` condition function that returns true if
  the given path is a readable file or directory and false otherwise.

## [2.2.2] - 2022-02-04

### Changed

- Updated nom to v7.0.0.
- Updated cbindgen to v0.20.

### Fixed

- Two versions that only differ by the presence and absence of pre-release
  identifiers were not correctly compared according to Semantic Versioning,
  which states that `1.0.0-alpha` is less than `1.0.0`.

## [2.2.1] - 2021-04-25

### Changed

- Version comparison now compares numeric against non-numeric release
  identifiers (and vice versa) by comparing the numeric value against the
  numeric value of leading digits in the non-numeric value, and treating the
  latter as greater if the two numeric values are equal. The numeric value as
  treated as less than the non-numeric value if the latter has no leading
  digits. Previously all non-numeric identifiers were always greater than any
  numeric identifier. For example, `78b` was previously considered to be greater
  than `86`, but is now considered to be less than `86`.

## [2.2.0] - 2021-04-17

### Added

- Support for inverting expressions using `not (<expression>)` syntax, e.g.
  `not ( file("example1") or file("example2") )`.

### Changed

- When evaluating a regular expression, installed ghosted plugin filenames have
  their `.ghost` file extension removed before they are matched against the
  regex. This makes functions that take regexes behave the same as those that
  take paths when handling ghosted plugins.
- Updated nom to v6.0.0.
- Updated cbindgen to v0.19.

### Fixed

- `.ghost` file extensions are no longer recursively trimmed when checking if a
  file has a plugin file extension, as only a single `.ghost` extension is
  valid.
- When looking for a plugin file matching a path, only add a `.ghost` extension
  to the path if one is not already present.

## [2.1.2] - 2020-10-23

### Fixed

- Version `0.1.1` of `pelite-macros` (a dependency of the `pelite` dependency)
  broke the ability to build `pelite` v0.8.x without pinning the version of
  `pelite-macros` used.

### Changed

- Updated pelite to v0.9.0.
- Updated cbindgen to v0.15.

## [2.1.1] - 2020-06-13

### Changed

- Checksum calculations are now much faster for larger files.
- Directory paths are now handled more gracefully in `checksum()`, `version()` and `product_version()` conditions.
- Resolved some `rustc` deprecation warnings by replacing usage of `std::error::Error`'s `description()` function with `to_string()`.
- Updated cbindgen to v0.14.
- Updated pelite to v0.8.0.

## [2.1.0] - 2019-10-05

### Added

- Support for an `is_master(file path)` condition function that returns true if
  the given file path is a master plugin, and false otherwise.

## [2.0.1] - 2019-07-23

### Fixed

- Regular expressions are now prefixed with `^` and suffixed with `$` to ensure
  that only exact matches to the given expression are found.

## [2.0.0] - 2019-06-30

### Added

- A cbindgen configuration file at `ffi/cbindgen.toml` so that cbindgen can now
  be run as `cbindgen ffi/ -o ffi/include/loot_condition_interpreter.h`.

### Changed

- The `ParsingError` enum has been renamed to `ParsingErrorKind`, and its
  `Unknown(u32)` variant has been replaced by a `GenericParserError(String)`
  variant.
- The `Error::GenericParsingError` and `Error::CustomParsingError` variants have
  been combined into a single `Error::ParsingError(String, ParsingErrorKind)`
  variant.
- `GameType` variants have been renamed to use fewer acronyms:
  - `Tes4` -> `Oblivion`
  - `Tes5` -> `Skyrim`
  - `Tes5se` -> `SkyrimSE`
  - `Tes5vr` -> `SkyrimVR`
  - `Fo3` -> `Fallout3`
  - `Fonv` -> `FalloutNV`
  - `Fo4` -> `Fallout4`
  - `Fo4vr` -> `Fallout4VR`
  - `Tes3` -> `Morrowind`
- The `LCI_GAME_*` constants have been renamed to match the new `GameType`
  names:
  - `LCI_GAME_TES4` -> `LCI_GAME_OBLIVION`
  - `LCI_GAME_TES5` -> `LCI_GAME_SKYRIM`
  - `LCI_GAME_TES5SE` -> `LCI_GAME_SKYRIM_SE`
  - `LCI_GAME_TES5VR` -> `LCI_GAME_SKYRIM_VR`
  - `LCI_GAME_FO3` -> `LCI_GAME_FALLOUT_3`
  - `LCI_GAME_FNV` -> `LCI_GAME_FALLOUT_NV`
  - `LCI_GAME_FO4` -> `LCI_GAME_FALLOUT_4`
  - `LCI_GAME_FO4VR` -> `LCI_GAME_FALLOUT_4_VR`
  - `LCI_GAME_TES3` -> `LCI_GAME_MORROWIND`
- The C header generated by cbindgen can now be used from C++.
- Updated nom to v5.
- Updated cbindgen to v0.9.
- Updated code to Rust 2018 syntax.

### Removed

- The C++ header `loot_condition_interpreter.hpp` is no longer generated by
  cbindgen. Include `loot_condition_interpreter.h` instead.

### Fixed

- Evaluating `version()` and `product_version()` conditions will no longer error
  if the given executable has no version fields. Instead, it will be evaluated
  as having no version.

## [1.3.0] - 2019-04-07

### Added

- Support for Morrowind using ``GameType::tes3``.

## [1.2.2] - 2019-01-26

### Fixed

- `file(<regex>)`, `active(<regex>)`, `many(<regex>)` and `many_active(<regex>)`
  did not parse the closing `)`, causing any remaining input to be skipped.

## Changed

- Parsing expressions will now fail if it does not consume all the given input.

## [1.2.1] - 2019-01-20

### Fixed

- Parsing error when reading the version fields of an executable that did not
  have any US English version info. Reading executables' version fields now uses
  the first version info structure instead of attempting to read the US English
  version info structure.

## [1.2.0] - 2018-12-22

### Added

- Support for parsing version strings that match the regular expression
  `\d+, \d+, \d+, \d+`.

### Changed

- An executable's product version is now read from the `ProductVersion` field in
  the executable's `VS_VERSIONINFO` structure, not from the product version
  fields in the `VS_FIXEDFILEINFO` structure. This is so that the version read
  matches the version displayed by Windows' File Explorer.

## [1.1.1] - 2018-11-14

### Fixed

- Parsing error caused by using `>=` or `<=` as the comparator in version
  functions.
- Parsing error when encountering backslashes in a version or checksum
  function's path argument.
- Parsing error when parentheses around expressions are padded with whitespace.

## [1.1.0] - 2018-10-23

### Added

- Support for `product_version()` condition functions, e.g.
  `product_version("file.exe", "1.0.0", ==)`. It will read the product version
  field of the executable at the given path, or error if the given path does not
  point to an executable.

## [1.0.0] - 2018-10-21

Initial release
